---
layout: post
title: Sonam + Ayush
subtitle: Article by Ayush More
#cover-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/sonam_face1.jpg
#share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
#tags: [books, test]
---

I did not like Sonam when I first met her - she seemed like a lost freshman and had other priorities on mind, but was still very pretty. I decided to ignore her and interact with her as little as possible in college because I did not think my friends and I would click with her. However, this changed when she approached my roommate and I at some cultural event, where we all kicked it off and spent the whole night talking. Implicitly, I realized that she was not a bad person at all but just very confused and her strong personality and character were misjudged. I later found out that she came all by herself dressed up and had the intention of meeting new people instead of shying away and being comfortable. That spoke volumes to me and I remember telling my roommates how courageous that is especially as a first year. It reminded me somewhat of my first days at UCSD where I knocked on every dorm and I know how intimidating that could be, yet she did it so fearlessly. 

Coming off suspension, I had not been on campus for 6 months, retaining only two close friends from an entire year of college. Naturally, I turned to Sonam the same way she turned to me for a friend because I was comfortable with how I was with her. We started to hang out more at the Library or late night after her practices and my roommates slowly accepted her in our group. I advocated heavily for her, especially to conflicting groups, on why she is chill and stood my ground until everything was normal. My roommates took her in the group and we called on her individually and as a group to different activities. For me especially, I valued Sonam a lot because I did not have a lot of people to turn to in San Diego - my other friends rushed their fraternities and found communities in them. I rushed as well, but did not receive a bid to continue rushing. Although I continued to branch out and meet other people, I would ditch any of them over Sonam.

I am not sure exactly when I started to feel differently for Sonam. The earliest memory I have is when we went out to Bollywood Bash and I wanted to sleep next to her in the living room because I did not want her to be there by herself. I wanted to comfort her and hold her but avoided that in risk of our friendship. Once we went back home for break, I realized that I spent all my time with her, finding myself on the phone with her for hours when I was in Hawaii or sneaking a call while crashing at a friend's place in L.A. I told my friends about this new best friend and they all said that we were going to get together. Although I had those feelings, I strongly denied them because I was scared. Scared of crossing a line. Scared of losing a friend again. Scared of getting hurt. 

When I went back to college for the next quarter, I started daydreaming of Sonam - I would catch myself thinking about the "What if" scenarios and cuddle my pillow imagining it was her. This scared me because I kept falling deeper and deeper into this hole. However, one day I did some self-reflection. Why am I always scared? I have been like this ever since I could remember from 7th grade with girls. I have always used the same excuse -  "I do not want to ruin anything". Three times, my close friendships with girls have been ruined because we compromised what we had. Does that mean I do nothing until I am ready to get married? But then I looked back on my suspension, on how I lost everything in my life for 6 months, stripped away an opportunity to finish my first year of college, to make new friends, to have fun. Life can be lost so quickly and we need to make the most of what we have - if I want to do something, then I should do it. It sounds generic I know, but this is what really drove me towards going forward with Sonam. Then one night, after a week of some flirting, it happened. 

I was hyponotized. The euphoria of being with Sonam fueled my spirit - I could not get enough of her. I needed to be with her for hours a day or else I would have strong withdrawals. Everything that I had imagined had come true and she felt the same way. But one thing held me back. I was bipolar on relationships because I was afraid of going through that emotional rollercoaster. The highs were great, but the lows hurt. They hurt a lot like I am now. Was I in it just for the physical aspect? Maybe we could just be casual? If it had been anyone else, I would have taken this route because I did not believe in relationships as naively as I did before. But Sonam, I cared for a lot. Like an unusual amount because I sensed her pain from family, friends, and relationships. She never revealed how much hurt she was holding but I was aware from the very first night. It made me sad knowing the pain she had from her past and I wanted to be the one to fix that. I wanted to restore her faith in people and get her to open up and shape her own life from now on. I connected with her emotionally and wanted to make sure nothing happened to her anymore. Although I believed in this strongly, my hubris prevented me from admitting all this and continued to treat her indifferently, refusing to give her any special treatment and hold onto our friendship. I was so torn and conflicted on what I should do with her, it was eating away at me. To this day, I still have never given her the complete special treatment that she deserves because aspects from our best friend roasting relationship mixed with my pride and unwillingness to cave in influenced my behavior. 

We continued playing this game of "Relationship?" towards the end of the quarter, specifically until Tamasha, where she took care of me the entire night and never left my side. I would be a fool to continue pushing her away after all she has done for me. We made the last three weeks count, spending as much time as we can together until it was time to go home. We spent time going to OVT for food, studying at Peet's, and being together in the courtroom late night. On the last day, we hugged away and that was the last time I got to feel her. 

Going into quarantine as a new couple was daunting. Although we had a few months to develop a strong friendship, we did not have adequate time to establish a relationship, even as far as calling each other boyfriend/girlfriend. We adjusted however, video calling whenever we had the time in addition to understanding how virtual learning works. I had gained new positions in tutoring for two classes, which took up a lot of time in understanding how to tutor for these classes and the responsibilities I had. I struggled in the first 4/5 weeks of quarantine, not only with classes, but balancing many aspects of my life with exercise, friends, and relationships. I slowly but surely started to slip from the already low expectations I was holding myself to for Sonam yet she stood by my side without any complaints.

Sonam voiced her concerns several times on how she was feeling about the relationship. I was just not putting in any effort into whatever she was saying, providing one word responses or acting immaturely for hours or not opening up about anything. I put us at a standstill and then start moving our relationship back. She was emotionally at a low and I did not do anything significant to bring her back. Everytime she would talk to me about it, we would be sad and I would assure her I would change... but I never did anything different. She handed me second chances to flip it around and make this work because she believe me in so much. That's what hurts so much. She believed in me so strongly after everything she has been through and I let her down, worse I hurt her more. When she told me I have hurt her the most she has been with anyone, I was shattered. I became the one thing I swore to protect her from - pain. 

What is wrong with me? No seriously, what is wrong with me? Why do I take everything for granted? It is not just Sonam, it is literally everything from family to friends to food to money. She told me so many times that she was not feeling well and wanted to fix this, but I did nothing. Why? I am in so much hate for myself. I could not stop writing myself hate messages until the sun had risen from that night. Why do people think I am a good person? Are the people I surround myself with that shitty? There are so many places I can redirect the blame but at the end of the day, it was me who decided to act like this. What happened to me? I was so different in college with everything, especially Sonam. How could I betray her this badly, make her cry at night, make her feel devalued? How did I let myself get so lax with her to the point where I don't do anything for her? 

Sonam is my baby. Sonam is my cute little baby. She is adorable and beautiful and mine. She is my rose and I want to protect her from anyone and take care of her. I know she doesn't like that, but that is how I feel for her. I treated my rose with no respect and no effort. I just watered it daily and did the bare minimum - I did not resoil or provide it fertilizer or whatever you do more with flowers. I know I never expressed how I felt completely about Sonam but it is strong, oh so strong. I am completely broken down and I want, no, need her. I need her smiling face saying "Baby!" when we video call. I need her calling me at my night so I can go to sleep happy. I need her beautiful voice talking to me and loving me. I need Sonam back.

Last night, I felt a pain similar to what I had experienced before, but worse. I could not stop shaking and tried to sleep but I kept talking to myself. I wanted to throw up, I wanted to punch my glass window, I wanted to break my foot. I wanted the worst punishment on me for stooping this low. Compared to my last night at UCSD as a freshman and senior camping, this night ranks in at second. I lost a part of me that night and I am still not complete. As I'm writing this, I am shaking again and my chest feels heavy. I have faced reality and I am not happy with myself.

Sonam, I am sorry.
