---
layout: post
title: Ayush's Mistakes
subtitle: Article by Ayush More
#cover-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/sonam_face1.jpg
#share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
#tags: [books, test]
---

Although I am praising Sonam entirely as I should for everything she has done, I need to also acknowledge why she has felt this way for so long and the adjustments I have to implement in order to give her justice. Instead of just saying "I'm sorry", I want to show to her the decisive actions I will take and *promise* to her to ensure her happiness with me. Listed below are the problems I have brought up and the solutions to how I will fix them:

### 1. Passiveness 

In an overall perspective, one glaring issue is how passive I am, or in other words, the lack of effort I put into the relationship. I cannot continue to blame quarantine for my inability to show emotion towards Sonam - I tend to use that as an excuse to avoid talking about my day by assuming it was the same or just sitting on my bed every time with my face half-covered. It cannot always be up to Sonam to come up with something new or try something out. I need to start taking initiative on different things to try out and talk about with her instead of the same conversation. It is challenging during these times especially with the uncertainty on what is going to happen. However, I have to keep my head up high and make her happy - she calls me because she wants to be happy and have fun. I know she will be more busy now because of her jobs, but I want to devote time to new activities such as walking/picnic in the park, going grocery shopping together, completing fitness challenges, meeting our friends, making duet Tik Toks, and many more ideas. I want to give her something more special than regular video calls and I plan on keeping it interesting from now on. 


### 2. Immaturity

I am immature, there is no denying that statement. I don't know where it originated from, to act like a child and take self-pity and complain. Maybe my Dad? That's another story for later. It's toxic and irritating and yet I still do it for some reason. I don't even think it is cute or funny and I thought it was before. That needs to come to a stop - Sonam has spoken on it many times. I must find that balance between fun Ayush and calm Ayush, something like a good Ayush. I am petty when it comes to the separation of personalities because I either stick to one or the other when isolated. That's another thing, I do it only when I am with Sonam, but not with other people besides my brother at times. I cannot use the excuse of having difficulty with the balance, I have to find it and will pursue it actively. This is not a call for a complete personality change, that is not what Sonam suggested. There is apparently some good to me but I need to tone down the less attractive parts of my personality to become more tolerable and fun to be with. Something like David from Too Hot to Handle, he was nice. I will make as much of an active effort as I can to avoid the immaturity, the pettiness, and will stop immediately no questions asked and move on from there. Speaking of moving on, I cannot hold onto past experiences or conversations and use them as leverage or bring it up. It is extremely immature of me to do so and honestly, annoying to drag out something that should have been left in the past. I plan to hold myself accountable to these standards because these issues, although it seemed small to me, were detrimental in our relationship and did not benefit anyone. 


### 3. Lack of Enthusiasm

This somewhat falls into the first category, but I feel like this issue is important enough to stand by itself. The way I respond to her when she tells me anything, whether it be her day or her friends or her future plans - there is just a lack of interest and enthusiasm from my end. And it is not specific to just her, I can't seem to focus and show interest to any conversation. Not sure if I have a problem focusing or I just have a lack of respect for everyone, but I need to learn to sit down and take information in actively, not in one ear and out the next. It is an issue that has been pointed out to me by not only Sonam but my friends as well and I typically denied it or half-heartedly said I'll fix it without actual change. Sonam tells me things about her life because she is excited and not looking forward to dejected or plain responses. I have been going at this for too long without full enthusiam and Sonam deserves someone who will give it their all and invest all attention and energy into a conversation. Again, this does not mean to be overly enthusiastic and out of character - this simply is a call to action for showing more interest, energy and love towards what she says. Calling Sonam daily is a privilege and I have taken it for granted for too long. Every minute spent with her is with purpose and I plan on carrying this out to show to her my undivided and complete interest in her activities. It is not that they are boring or I find them lame, I just shut myself out to any conversation and that requires a total upgrade to how I am. 


### 4. Transparency 

Sonam and I are similar in personality in that we do not want to admit to any weaknesses and allowed our prides to take the best of us. We decided early on that we cannot hold so strongly to them and needed to let them grow in order for us to envelop each other and learn more. She has put down her guard around me and has told me many things about her life that no one else knows. I coerce her into speaking up about why she is feeling differently instead of ignoring it despite her resilience in which she later caves in. How is it fair to her that she speaks so deeply on her issues while I refuse to even tell her details of my day? From now on, I plan on telling her all the details about my day no matter if I find them insignificant. She might find them insignificant too, but the idea is that we are open about anything and she understands that I can talk to her about anything. It is time I start treating her like a girlfriend - she is there for me through thick and thin. She has never judged me for anything I have done in my life while I joke about her insecurities and hide my emotions and thoughts. She is my go-to girl for whatever I need and everything should go through her because she cares for me. I can open up to her and talk to her about *anything*. That is something I need to carry out with her. If my life isn't interesting to talk about, then I need to stop making that excuse and do something interesting. Try something out that she would be impressed with. I want to cook a meal and show her pictures of what I did. I want to run a mile and show her my mile time. I want to tell her about the plays I did in basketball and what my friends said. I want to be open with her now and I will be. 


### Final Notes

I am not perfect. Sonam is not demanding for the perfect individual. She took me in with all my flaws and has tolerated me up to this point. She is not asking for much, she just wants to be heard and see change. Well, that is what I am going to do. The intention of this post is to highlight my weaknesses and how I can improve on them for our relationship. I want to fight for this, I will change for this, and I will make it happen for her. She is worth fighting for this much because she is a gem and I would be a damn fool to let this go. I have been shocked with the loss of her and I will stop at nothing to get her back. 
