---
layout: post
title: From The Heart
subtitle: Article by Ayush More
#cover-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/sonam_face3.jpg
#share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
#tags: [books, test]
---

Dear Sonam,

Hey, it's Ayush. I know I am not good at being vocal and expressive on what you mean to me, so I hope this website so far has been fulfilling that role. 

I miss you. Badly. I know it has barely been a day, but I am distraught and dismantled now. You mean so much to me and yet I have done no action to prove that to you. Quarantine cannot be repeatedly used as an excuse for my behavior - I accept full responsibility for my actions, or lack thereof. 

I started this day depressed, knowing that whatever I say cannot fix our situation because my words proved to have no substance many times. You deserve the best and are completely justified in feeling the way you do. I am broken and incomplete not due to recent events, but from before. I want to piece myself together and I need you by my side to help me. You are the only one that loves me so strongly and I want to embrace all your caring towards my healing. You can make me a better person, not just for yourself but for how I conduct myself with everyone.

I needed this reality check. I really did. I was compounded with so many various issues that I was aware of it all but lazy to take action in eliminating these problems. I complain about not working out but I don't follow through with it. I complain about being skinny but I don't eat. I complain of being bored but I don't call any of my friends and leave my room. I complain of being too busy but I don't manage my time at all. I complain about sleeping so much but I don't try to wake up early. I complain about internship work and school work but I don't try to learn and study. I complain about not "getting love" even though you are right there. 

I am not my best self and I am not happy with who I am and that has been reflected on our relationship. That is the truth. I am not happy with myself. I am not happy. I really need to dig deep down to find that out but I am not happy. 

I am sorry for putting this out on you and our relationship because you don't deserve it at all. All I ask for is forgiveness. Please forgive me for how I have been with you all these months. I genuinely will change for the better because I don't want to lose you. I did a lot of introspection when creating this website and it was healthy to vocalize all these emotions I had kept buried in before. 

You are amazing. Like truly amazing. Creating this website opened my eyes to how magnificent and spectacular you are. All that I listed that you have done in your past was done in addition to your toxic relationships, demanding and pessimistic family, and dramatic and unfaithful friends. I never had to deal with any of these issues and I don't have half the amount of your accomplishments. You did all of that and more, how? To top all of that, you are so talented in singing, literally the best singer I know. How do you do it all? Why do people still kick you down? Why did I treat you this way?

You are beautiful. No, I mean beautiful. I intentionally avoided this subject because I did not want to come off as shallow but wow you are a sight. You are comparable to the best view in the world like something in nature. I fell in love so hard because of your eyes, their color and depth. Your skin is clear and smooth and your hair is so strong and healthy. Your lips are so firm and perfect and your eyebrows are so defined and shaped. I can stare at you and your pictures for hours - they are so professional and enticing. Please know that you are genuinely the most beautiful girl I have met.

Why me? Did I win the lottery? I know I have asked this question often, but I still do not believe you. You are an angel and yet you settled for someone like me. You are someone I day dreamed about and yearned for and I finally now have you. Or had you... how could I be so dumb? I am not trying to suck up to you -  this is me speaking from the heart. You are a literal goddess and I am so mad at myself for letting things get to this. You are everything I wanted and yet I let it come to this. 

It sucks to say, but writing these articles and remembering why we did this brought me back to my senses. It is sad that I needed to be reminded about what I have but again, I need help. I have never created a website before, but I wanted to give you something that you and I can both look to so we don't forget what we had. I admit it fully, I criminally took you for granted and you have every right to be upset. Please, I ask for your forgiveness and I want you to be by my side. I will value you completely and appreciate everything you do for me. 

Again, it is awful that we had to come to this point, but I am sorry, Sonam. For everything. For making you feel not valued. For not listening to you. For not making you feel special and loved. For not treating you like my girlfriend. For being so passive and ignorant. For not trying. For not showing enthusiam. But most importantly.

For hurting you.


Ayush
